Documentation: Add docs for configuring hubble metrics with TLS (#33661)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/hubble-configuration.rst

                    --set webhook.tolerations='["operator": "Exists"]'

        Then configure an issuer and install Cilium.

.. _hubble_configure_metrics_tls:

Metrics TLS and Authentication
===============================

Starting with Cilium 1.16, Hubble supports configuring TLS on the Hubble metrics API in addition to the Hubble observer API.

> This can be done by specifying the listed options below to Helm at install or upgrade time, along with your existing Hubble TLS configuration options mentioned above.

Reviewer: Translators sometimes struggle with this kind of usage of "below" and "above". Can we reword this section?

```suggestion
This can be done by specifying the following options to Helm at install or upgrade time, along with the TLS configuration options described in the previous section
```

To enable TLS on the Hubble metrics API, add the following Helm flag to your list of options:

::

    --set hubble.metrics.tls.enabled=true # Enable TLS on the Hubble metrics API

> If you also want to enable authentication using mTLS on the Hubble metrics API, first create the ConfigMap with the CA certificate for verifying client certificates:

Reviewer: Grammar nits:

```suggestion
If you also want to enable authentication using mTLS on the Hubble metrics API, first create a ConfigMap with a CA certificate to use for verifying client certificates:
```

::

    kubectl -n kube-system create configmap hubble-metrics-ca --from-file=ca.crt

Then, add the following flags to your Helm command to enable mTLS:

::

    --set hubble.metrics.tls.enabled=true                           # Enable TLS on the Hubble metrics API
    --set hubble.metrics.tls.server.mtls.enabled=true           # Enable mTLS authentication on the Hubble metrics API
    --set hubble.metrics.tls.server.mtls.name=hubble-metrics-ca # Use the CA certificate from the ConfigMap

> This will require clients authenticate using a client certificate signed by the provided CA certificate to access the Hubble metrics API.

Reviewer: Couple of grammar and wording suggestions:

```suggestion
After the configuration is applied, clients will be required to authenticate using a certificate signed by the configured CA certificate to access the Hubble metrics API.
```

.. note::

>   When using TLS with the Hubble metrics API you will need to configure update

Reviewer: Configure and update are redundant, can we pick one?

```suggestion
  When using TLS with the Hubble metrics API you will need to update
```

  your Prometheus scrape configuration to use HTTPS by setting a ``tls_config``
  and provide the path to the CA certificate. When using mTLS you will also

>   need to provide the client certificate and key for Prometheus to authenticate

Reviewer: Grammar suggestion:

```suggestion
  need to provide a client certificate and key signed by the CA certificate for Prometheus to authenticate
```

                    --set webhook.tolerations='["operator": "Exists"]'

        Then configure an issuer and install Cilium.

.. _hubble_configure_metrics_tls:

Metrics TLS and Authentication
===============================

Starting with Cilium 1.16, Hubble supports configuring TLS on the Hubble
metrics API in addition to the Hubble observer API.

This can be done by specifying the following options to Helm at install or
upgrade time, along with the TLS configuration options described in the

> previous section

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
previous section.
```

To enable TLS on the Hubble metrics API, add the following Helm flag to your
list of options:

::

    --set hubble.metrics.tls.enabled=true # Enable TLS on the Hubble metrics API

If you also want to enable authentication using mTLS on the Hubble metrics API,
first create a ConfigMap with a CA certificate to use for verifying client
certificates:

::

    kubectl -n kube-system create configmap hubble-metrics-ca --from-file=ca.crt

Then, add the following flags to your Helm command to enable mTLS:

::

>     --set hubble.metrics.tls.enabled=true                           # Enable TLS on the Hubble metrics API
>     --set hubble.metrics.tls.server.mtls.enabled=true           # Enable mTLS authentication on the Hubble metrics API
>     --set hubble.metrics.tls.server.mtls.name=hubble-metrics-ca # Use the CA certificate from the ConfigMap

Reviewer 2: alignment nit
```suggestion
    --set hubble.metrics.tls.enabled=true                       # Enable TLS on the Hubble metrics API
    --set hubble.metrics.tls.server.mtls.enabled=true           # Enable mTLS authentication on the Hubble metrics API
    --set hubble.metrics.tls.server.mtls.name=hubble-metrics-ca # Use the CA certificate from the ConfigMap
```
